# InterlinearTextCreatorForTwoLanguages
Python Scripts to help easily create interlinear Texts for language learning purposes

## Purpose
The Interlinear Texts that can be created with the help of the scripts in this repository can be used for use with the first 3 steps of the Birkenbihl-Method of language learning. You can find a brief summary of the method here: https://web.archive.org/web/20220328180820/https://www.vidactic.com/?page_id=868

## Intended usage of the 2 scripts
Lets say you already know English and want to learn German. For this purpose you could create an interlinear text that has as on the odd lines a text in German and between those lines a word-by-word translation into English. To create such a text with the help of the 2 scripts provided for each language-pair (that is already supported in this repository), you can proceed as follows: First, you get a text in German, complete with punctuation marks. You then copy that German text, open up the Text-Splitter python-script and paste the text into the textarea on the left. Then you click on the "Split Text"-button in the GUI. Then you copy the text that appears in the textarea to the right and paste it into a machine-translation tool e.g. Google-Translate or deepl.com. Because the words you pasted in there are split up to one word per line, Google Translate or deepl.com will translate (in general) the words separately - meaning sentence by sentence - and not phrase by phrase. Then you can copy the translation you obtained, open up the second python-script that comes for your language pair, apart from the text-splitter script, and paste the translation into the textarea to the right of that script. Then you can go back to the textsplitter-script copy the split German text and then go back to the second script and paste it into the textarea to the left. Then you can add a title for the project and a folder-name and click on the button "Create Interlinear Text". Now a new folder got created that is located in the same folder where also the second script was executed in. You can then navigate to that folder, open the html-file that was created in that folder and behold - your new German-English Interlinear text is now ready for use.
